Prashant	
---------	
Give background of project and experience - MARRS	
Explain business need of MARRS	
Long form of DTCC ? What do it do ?	
what is DODD Frank ? What its regulations ?	
What is OTC ? details on OTC.	
How do u estimate efforts in delivering solution?	
Your role in project	
What do u do when you get less time from management to deliver?	
Do you follow SCRUM. WHAT is SCRUM?	
Whats the difference between Product backlog and sprint backlog?	
What type of risk is reported in your application?	
What is Interest rate Risk?	
Which all Project Development Methodologies you have worked on?	
What are important aspects of Agile?	
Introduce youself with your experience and in wich technology you have worked.	
Explain your last project and role.	
Most challanging task you did in your last project.	
How do you estimate the user story	
Product Owners role and responsibility	
Which tool you are using for integration	
Which project managemet tools you have used	
What is the most challenging problems you have faced in current project	
Product backlog vs Sprint Backlog	
who will look into any Priority task	
	
Eknath	
-------	
What is FPML? How to convert XML to FPML - name the libraries	
Explain record keeping	
What kind of reports are sent to DTCC	
What is IO package? What design patterns are used in it.	
Explain decorator	
How polymorphism is implemented in Spring.	
How encapsulation is implemented in spring.	
What is count down latch	
What is default HTTP port, admin console port for IBM websphere	
Types of indexes in DB	
What is base object in javascript	
What is expression in JSP	
How does oops is implemented in Spring?	
How inheritence is implemented in Spring?	
What is Error? How do you handle errors in java?	
Which design patterns are used in IO package and how?	
What design pattern is used while getting db connection or in connection pool?	
Whats the difference between Callable and Runable?	
What would be a query to get the10th highest salary from employee table which has 1 million records.?	
	
Chandresh	
	
Tell me about your current/last project.	
What all type of integration points you have used?	
 Which JMS provider you have used?	
Your role in the project.	
What is relationship between hashcode() and equals() methods?	
Explain both methods in detail in the view of HashMap.	
What happens if we use custom class object as a key, put the element in hashmap and then change the value of the member variables of the key?  
What happens if we use custom class object as a key, put the element in hashmap and then change the value of the member variables of the key?  
	
 Is Arraylist synchronized? What if I would like to synchronize it?	
 What is Spring IOC?	
 Do you know Java Memory Management?	
How GC works?	
Explain various types of GC algorithms.	
Explain Minor/Major GC.	
Where Java keeps loaded classes? Will classes loaded in Perm space ever be garbage collected?	
 What is coherence?	
How you used it (Coherence) in your project? - Project specific Question.	
 How you store Coherence elements in Persistent Storage?	
What all new features you know which were added in JDK 1.8?	
Spring Security	
What type of Encryption is used in Spring security (WS-Security).	
How MD5 works?	
Encryption and Descreption	
Callable vs Runnable	
Difference between equals and hashcode.	
 Interviewer will ask some questions which leads to immutable concepts and Singleton Design pattern	
ExecutorService : How will you change the thread name ?	
About Enums	
Which version of java you have used and Have you worked on any other java version?	
Changes in version 1.5 and above ?	
How will you achieve runtime injection ? Apart from DI do we have any other way to achieve this.	
	
Sailesh	
	
Have you worked in Junit	
Which mock you have used in your current project	
If parent is singletone and child is prototype then how many instances will be created for N-Requests	
Will it works  List<String> list=new ArrayList<Object>()? If not why?	
In which senarios Abstract class have a constructor.Is it valid reason to have aconstructor in a abstract class.	
Differences between jdk1.4 and 1.5	
Can you write parent child relationship in spring configuration and how?	
Have you worked type eraser?	
How arraylist is growable and shrinkable?	
What is rehashing ?	
How you are deciding  which collection need to use in project	
	
	
	
Java:	
How synchronisation is achieved in java?	
How to prevent deadlock? 	
Which all new java 5 features you've used?	
How does hashmap works internally? 	
Difference between Fail fast and Fail safe iterators 	
Question on custom exception. How do you design/implement it? 	
Spring bean life cycle 	
How does spring bean creation is different than normal jvm/java objects? 	
Scopes in spring 	
Spring Security: how does encoding happen in spring security?	
Have you worked on LDAP authentication in spring security? 	
Difference between Frameworks and Design patterns	
Where does following design pattern used in java: Builder, Abstract Factory,  Command, Chain of responsibility, Proxy 	
What is Chain of responsibility pattern?	
	
Project mgmt:	
Product backlog vs Sprint Backlog	
What is Story point? How is it linked to estimation?	
What you do/discuss in Sprint Planning meeting?	
Which tool you've used for Sprint?	
How do you keep yourself updated with new technologies? Any specific example from last 2 months	
Have you created any tool or solution which helped in performance improvement or made life easier of your teammates?	
